docs: add main documentation files (#37)
exercism/uiua: docs/ABOUT.md

# About

[Uiua][uiua homepage] is an [array-][array-oriented programming] and [stack-oriented][stack-oriented programming] programming language that emphasizes concise, point-free code through [tacit programming][tacit programming].
Its design is influenced by languages like [APL][apl-wiki] and J, which also prioritize powerful array manipulations.

> Uiua’s core operations are represented by symbols, and many built-in functions have symbolic representations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uiua's core operations are represented by symbols, and many built-in functions have symbolic representations.
```

> Function names like "pick" and "length" are automatically converted to their respective glyphs, `⊡` and `⧻`, without requiring special input from users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function names like `pick` and `length` are automatically converted to their respective glyphs, `⊡` and `⧻`, without requiring special input from users.
```

> Created and maintained by [Kai Schmidt][kai schmidt github], Uiua is an open-source language - currently its experimental stages.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the uiua repository for the "open-source language" bit?

The language prioritizes stability in its core functions.

> Experimental features are marked, which our exercise framework generally avoids.

Reviewer: Maybe this line makes more sense in the learning document?
